Working all week on a video for tomorrow and final cut decides to completely wipe all your events and projects... So annoyed
I'm pretty sure my cats have figured out the dog isn't going away. They've progressed to rage-peeing everywhere.
When Selena said she's going to take a year off I thought she meant the work and not her fans I miss her.
I'm really jealous of Minnie
Sorry cause I can't be the greatest one for you
How do things  get so bad  that you want to kill not only yourself but your  family  too?
my phone looks more and more cracked everyday my new phone needs to get here ASAP
Please ignore any messages from me - I appear to have been hacked!
Son is at the doc… messaging pics back and forth to keep him happy about getting a shot
My washing machine problem is actually a plumbing problem
hate living so far away from romtown decreases my time with
Why girls dont like nice guys
I just want to relax because I don't feel well but she's making it impossible
It's not even fair that Lionel got evicted, his fanbase are elderly they probably voted via post
Hearing about the little 3 year old toddler and that there is a strong possibility they have found his body, has actually made me sad
I hope today get a follow from The Vamps because i'm trying so hard and nothing happend
 iya can't sleep
 make sure you look after our little when she's over in Ireland
 I fucking miss talking to katie it breaks me so much i i miss my girl that always knows how to cheer me up when i'm sad
 I'm still allergic to those like kill over and die
 but I'm a princess too
 I would love to but i m shit at stories : :
 Never again omg.
 Working with out Vanessa today is gunna be so sad
 liams smile looked so forced
 The moment when life hits you with the fact that you're not as remarkable as you thought you are
 I'm just glad its time! sorry youve had a shitty week Spot in the Corner or Blind
 Lol LMAOO Hahaha mxm What we're known for..
 it tho
 please be my 20
 I miss my iPod so much
 Wow I really wish I was at pacha ln
 wish you were awake miss you
 sorry xx didnt know it was happening
 I didn't even get to see it lol heard you smashed it though bro! Onwards n upwards
 O padile ngwana? Da nice good ones are always above my league
 Praying for Demi to get better
 RIP to the white girl who died here
 Please Don't Do It! It's Okay I Promise!
 Hate being sick
 Gaby why didn't you talk to me about it. you know I would've help you
 !!!!!!! If my girlfriend don't hurry up and call me
 make my dream come tru and follow me please xxx
 He says he thinks there's something stuck in his throat and he can't swallow anything.. Just worried about him
 he doesnt even have his jeep anymore theres something wrong with it
 Ive tried Try harder
 When food doesn't taste as good as it smells
 Still about a year and a half till 10 year vet cape Oh well.
 Hi my little Angel!You're my hero! X Can you make me smile and tweet to me? Please Ari! I love you so much! x148
 I hope he knows what day is today.
 I feel yeah. I work too so Slowwww
 I saw it. Thank you so, so, so much for that! Shame it froze But! I'm so glad I got to meet you!!!
 I Love You So Much.!! Follow Me Please. I Will Always Belieber❤️
 up all night to get pukey
 Twitter is the only reason why I don't get good grades
 I don't wanna study too
 It sure does. It's too cold to go outside. I'd rather stay inside and cuddle.
 Very good question Suspect fear of upsetting trade agreements at core Disappointed lives mean nothing
 might sneak in for a cheeky visiit though;) credderzz.
 Torres lesionado?! Oh great!
 This is hard
 seriously?
 so close to the kem D: If only the game didn't end
 I just need to talk to you I have no idea what to do right now I'm sorry xxxxx
 I'm losing the sound of your voice
 oh no! Sorry to hear. : (
 aw, you missed our joke.
 my that I can't go to the bar with Nadya next weekend for her 19th
 aw i wouldn't be so mean if i knew it were like that but it's just a creepy person that won't leave me be altho i've told them to
 i cnt sorry
 i regret e day i let u go..... everyday of my life
 up all night to get pukey
 my head
 I love your face
 Omfg please come back asap
 we can't go xx
 What is wrong with my eye in this?¿ anyway I'm srsly going to miss so much 😭🙏
 this was long agooo
 harry looks so cute and niall thinks hes cool and ziam is just oidjscoineniisdsnaidunisid
 My arms from loading hay soar but made money some how(:
 Nahh ive been true house girl today. Laundry, cleaning and cooking. These braids just add to the effect loool
 And you said I don't have any manners at all..
 sad milli tonight now
 cuando demi dice "my lovatics" aaaaaaaaaaaaw
 So many lives have been taken recently especially from Jax smh
 Please come back. I miss you. We can't live without you Gee
 Yeah, but we both know that's not going to happen
 Good work, YouTube. It's all spam comments… I just wanna be able to read comments about the video… htt…
 Yeah i forgot my right hand aint a person
 i wish
 No one keeps this down for long! that little boy got lucky!
 wish you were awake miss you”
 I literally just spent 12 minutes watching this, Too bad I can't cook
 Don't leave me
 I want a 5sos band acc follow
 FOLLOW ME PLEASE I LOVE YOU SO MUCH
 yeah we just gotta stay strong
 hrm...that didn't work out like I thought it would...none of the comments are linked.
 I have the worst stomach flu of all time."
 Mississippi wants to open a dolphin park NO! Stop Dolphin Facility in... …
 Oh my gosh who do I pick ahh
 can u follow me? to talk
 I didn't use it anymore
 I'm loosing likes, why?
 So I am 13 minutes into Breaking Bad and guess what? I am hooked already! Gutted I have to revise all this week
 what ur family got tix the game?!? Lucky!! But yeah how rude not inviting u too!!
 so much for the chocolate chip cookies Ugh I need to do the cleanse
 don't if you do i'll hug you
 Ariana,you followed everyone but not me. Why? ILYSM.
 i miss u
 wish you were awake miss you
 The never ending eco PO
 This vegan life is such and such. My skin is proper clear but I just want to eat Pounded yam meat and okro
 me shame Loool alright
 Baloch sister shot dead and raped by Terrorists.
 casually attempting not to be bitter seeing the rest of the drama soc show posters and not ours getting continually posted online hahaha
 Just watched cyberbully, saddest movie ever
 Praying for Demi to get better
 snap! i don't think I'm going to pass this at all
 yeah but lost 2points!
 I dont like going whole weekends without seeing you
 Why is my TL movie like hater.
 nah and bc mine were all filmed with like one light source I am anticipating much grain also
 Trying hard to ignore it..but still i cant deny the truth, may favoritism ka talaga so unfair...
 Follow me please !! I'm waiting so long
 Sure x and i'm so sorry that you got hacked...
 hope you'll be ok
 Should have brought
 No. They hate me.
 Dumped at JCAC in MO on the next Euth list …
 oh dear poor you. No I bought a teeny zip. But I injured myself twice with hidden pins Drew blood & left long scratches
 it's okay you're not the only one
 follow me back please
 funny how much i talk when speaking xhosa but when i have to write it down, BLANK! missing alot of words for this essay
 The egg and bacon muffins I made myself were ridiculously good. Yet the heap of stuffing went horribly. I don't know how
 IF YOU'RE FOLLOWING PEOPLE YOU LITTLE SHITS YOU SHOULD FOLLOW ME BC I MISSED THE TWITCAM
 I never get on tumblr bc I like tumblr better on a computer and I don't have a computer anymore ugh
 Someone tell to unblock me! Wtf! I was sticking up for her like crazy! That Sux!
 I really wouldn't mind a piggy back ride and some mint chocolate chip ice cream and then a movie. A sappy one.
 yeah babe on my haha 12-5 xxxxxx
 Why do I have so many haters... I'm blaming Rick cause if he left Andrea behind in S2
 working both days
 I always want to comment, but as I view mostly on my phone, it doesnt always post
 at least he isn't a Raiders fan.
 hiiii cant sleep
 it to much
 I hope you will follow me one day
 yeah, but those black guys are fat
 you're so far dude!
 Like someone make my day
 I saw you last night< AGAIN, and you were so beautiful AGAIN
 Hi there! Ken here. Upon checking, the area is only capable for 3Mbps only
 You're Never Over
 Flagrant Lmaooooo no Y'all so damn creative!
 Y i feel like this doe smt
 Éomer has eyebrows of sorrow
 just saw this on Instagram, it's literally You'll be missed honey, so very much
 Jordan tho... Bottoms be like.. Kjgfhjvd😩
 i made a lol typo
 Hi! Would you both mind reading this? I've been trying for so long x x11 618
 moment moment when you want somebody too hug
 may her soul rest in peace
 Yeah they annoy me a bit
 lmaoooooooo i swear all my bredrins fleck up wee
 Can't stop cutting
 i have a big nose
 hollyoaks isn't the same without you you will be missed
 That moment when you stop playing smash to go to the opera... And find out it 30 minutes ago.
 try lemon and hot water. feel better x
 Sorry if my acc have send you some weird tweets...it's not me someone hacked me !!
 'I hate Mondays 😩 xx' You're unemployed. Everyday is a Saturday.
 Oh yes. I bet they have!!
 Mention a girl who you thought was of legal age in the state of Texas but turned out she young AF”
 I hate having the cold!
 we need you guys
 R.I.P Uncle Deanz!! Gone but will never bee Forgotten
 I used to watch those videos over and over again idk why haha I miss them so much
 why'd you change it?
 Don't like having upset friends
 that's even worst then miles, he looks like a dad x
 Why can't Samuel Eto'o play like that every week?
 I can't see this But WELCOME !! ;-D
 I missed it by literally 30 seconds...can u please reply still ?
 i hate that so much
 ilysm please follow me
 Ohhh,i know it
 Vamp bats regurgitate blood for their hungry nest mates to eat and you cant even give me a fry?
 ME TOOOO not sure how long i'll be able to afford to go for next year would like longer but tbh as long as i can go
 Hi Louis! Im from Argentina,is e incredible place!I haven't got tickets to where we are Loveyouidol. FOLLOW ME PLEASE
 I wish I could fly all the time
 miss you too
 Still haven't seen the hobbit and I'm ire it's out I theaters tears right here :'(
 Geez, I wish something would go in my favor with my wedding. Everything I plan and figure out keeps falling through.
 Why did I turn down a subway
 Messages aren't being delivered wth
 jades taking her when she moves out soon
 My double points aren’t showing up in my beauty bank on Sephora. Both items say they qualify for double points.
 I hate being ill
 Please Follow Me! I love you so much ♡ you're my everything! PLEASE NOTICE ME! don't ignore me x549
 much sad
 i miss you
 Gonn be rooting for broncos ! From my gamecast smh
 No sherlock tonight what am I going to do.
 bc this lady is gonna marry a guy but then turns lesbian and doesn't know who she wants
 torno per le 22:22 gnew x
 I love you so much but you will NEVER tweet me that's so sad
 lmfaoo Logging off for awhile.
 I feel like I'm going to throw up
 I'm sorry that your not a bird your a rooster and roosters' can't fly
 that's how I feel about you following me
 I DIDN'T EAT MY SALAD FAST ENOUGH AND NOW THE CROUTONS ARE SOGGY
 I dream that u followed me
 an understatement for real smh
 notice me
 you're never going to follow me, ain't u?
 Everyone in my house is laying down watching movies and im here getting ready for work .
 darn. OKAY. I just don't know what to get... I kinda wanted something on my wrist, but I can't bc of work. iiidk.
 my sister just treing to sleep near myself
 please, dont ignore i love you, please notice me
 And Argentina ? WE LOVES THE VAMPS
 It's a sad day.... red card for Vidic and then a yellow card for Rafael.... I am not okay
 Ash please follow me
 I'll miss him…..
 it won't be my in 2h and 26mins
 miss you
 lmao mannnn Y'all so damn creative!
 omgg fuckk! Won't be able to find you as easy at college now with your bright white creps!
 Goodbye cold weather Ill miss you! On my way back to Cali. Had a fun time! daztunee
 missing you on dancing on ice
 I don't like taco bell I'll just get something after I watch you down 3-6 tacos ;)
 When ur friend forgeting abiut u when u thought they would be the one person that wouldnt
 🌸🎀🌸🎀🌸🎀🌸🎀🌸🎀 luke hemmings from 5sos please follow me i love you so much please make me smile ily 🌸🎀🌸🎀🌸🎀🌸🎀🌸🎀 7672
 i need my crazy, creepy, ooh killem chi's!
 NEW AVA AND HEADER NEN
 I dream that I meet you guys and that all of you follow me, then I wake up and am like shit cause none of that happened
 Shazam didn't work sadly couldn't find the song.
 my finger slipped.
 The saddest love story happens between me and my bed every morning.!!
 jenny made her sling her hook and smashed all the needles and binned them so can't it as there is no proof now
 I've lost my little shadow to PS3 & online gaming!!
 aww I wanted us all to hang out well I'm going to get dressed soon then just come on ovahh
 I can't go one day without talking to you
 Haha yeah i've not been able to get my head around it so I haven't really bothered I know it can be useful though!
 christian please follow me before I go on tweet limit pleaseee
 Today there is an American football game at 3:30 so no stream today sorry. But GO 49ers!
 awk guys don't worry my revision commences tomorrow again! Good luck! X
 I love you
 I think so
 *Fold Arms* -Push Yuh- *Hugs* Lol -Ignores Mr Dunkley-” get a room!!!
 I follow you on them , just checked sorry x
 absolutely tired
 i want a huge bag of skittles thats all
 PLEASE FOLLOW ME CODY ILYSM
 I just love Liam and he makes me so happy and I just wish I could make him as happy as he makes me but I can't
 i'd cry if ashton saw my tweet idk its true
 My body aches maybe now...? or
 aw that sucks and yeah at 3
 Cz he dha one Here.. x__x why errybody kno ?"
 you got the american car? dam! asians never get that! always looking for a cheaper car
 I could barely keep my eyes open
 My DM isn't working And that's what "i think". I Will reply you later
 I want my girl
 Zion so sweet
 i miss skins
 I wasnt looking at my hamsters ... and it died
 WTF!!!! i hate when You're sick.... Get weel soon Angel!
 Thanks anyway
 Listening to Chopin's Nocturne Op 9 No 2 and it is making me reflective and meh
 I will miss you ... I will miss your smile ... Your perfect smile ... I will miss your fantastic...
 thanks it sucks, but I'll get over it. Could be worse.
 Just left my Baby AGAIN. Its does not get any easier. I hope this is their year.
 That look am sure lip is getting no action : (
 too much
 Do not want to get up.
 I wish I can
 ❥❥❥ why ignore me? i'm crying not ignore me please follow me it's my dream, love u cris!! ❥❥❥
 okay follow me
 So sad We all miss her. And Theresa now too.
 this makes me so sad he was just trying to be a nice guy he didnt mean any harm
 United sucks really bad this season
 I dream that I can fly all the time, And I wake up, and it's shit, cause I can't fly anymore :,( lol” same
 I so want this to happen but I don’t think we can pull it off during this year
 again i cant do anything right can i , he literally had no idea
 Please Follow
 like my dream where i got tickets to your tour then woke up and cried bc no tickets
 I dream that you follow me and I wake up crying cause you don't follow me
 please, dont ignore i love you, please notice me 9
 how about me? I thought we were gud friends.
 Hey
 ohhh man that sucks
 Hope Sunanda Tharoor Case should get resolved soon & not get in to debates for conspiracies ...Marilyn Monroe case did
 My little girl cries every time..
 I dreamt that you followed me and I was so happy but then I woke up and I realized you aren't following me 13
 don't like to see my grandpa like in a hospital bed
 Why you don't follow me babe
 So so cold
 The disappointment in Khune's face!!!!
 Extrañando ♫ Love The Way You Lie – Eminem,Rihanna
 you're never gonna follow me im so sad
 i need a better phone
 I just want to know why you guys unfollow me.
 Without I'm nothing
 but now is not the right time for visitors to come na,its almost time for football
 please follow me
 follow me pls back pls follow me don't ignore me
 Ay Lakers is trailing behind Toronto Raptors
 teach me how to play the drums
 I wish I could do something for you sweetness
 On my fifth attempt to boot up my PC. Screen just keeps going black.
 I haven't seen my best friend since early december
 where are you now, when I need you the most
 I know ugh
 I don't want make you more sad then if you are but please let me make things right I will understand..(hirdi is di laste
 I don't think he does
 I swear I saw him today.. literally everywhere I look is a reminder of everything
 I'm sad I couldn't make it....again
 Damn, I think you got me beat
 My girl and I are both
 I wonder are they miss me? Nah do they have to miss me? No! Bcs they are 5 and they didnot miss me at all I realize kbye. Sadlife
 lol he really could have that's the only that pissed me off. We gotta have a movie night! I miss you
 please, dont ignore i love you, please notice me 21
 i might come down on tuesday im not sure yet, x
 I just had 8 in about 5 minutes
 refollow me please, ilysm
 too late to get a follow for my friend xx 3
 Yesterday a Brazilian directioner committed suicide because she was tired of being battered for being directioner
 I want a relationship like obito and rin
 no it's not working
 Don't know why I've been so spotty lately, so sure someones rubbing shit on my face when I'm sleeping
 i'm sad he's such a though
 Lost my phone last night. hope you see this haha
 I'm really annoyed I couldn't see you when you came to Ireland :'( x16
 aine feeling good today
 Liam, a wish I have for my in 12 days is that you will notice me
 i still wanna go
 not my fault the phone just dropped into the sink don't worry we'll be reunited soon!
 My stomach ..anyways to my clinical internship i go
 Disappointment!!! All the blames on the coach? . Gordon what happend?
 No fucking Way My EXT HDD decided to make a suicide jump off from the table and now i've lost 2 TB Data
 come on Mariana follow me
 Why is my phone so fucked up
 well I'm about to watch the game now
 Why is anyone folloing me ?
 *dye and
 i just want the new music video to be them goofing around i dont want girls to be there
 i wish you follows me ari.. many times i hope that .... Pleasee honey! x12 (cont)
 I dreamt that you followed me and I was so happy but then I woke up and I realized you aren't following me 40
 Awwww I'm Sorry! Good Thing Aero Has Them Online
 PLEASE IF YOU READ THIS DON'T IGNORE ME, I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR UR FOLLOW SINCE YEARS CAN U PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLZ PlZ x694
 Someone buy me Canes pleaseeee
 My BLT sandwich has one piece of B, no L and a lot of T! it's a bTTTTTT
 IMATSLA was today
 not really in the mood booth! Not to sound a dickhead sorry!
 this is so true Kanye so silly. Using other ideas as his own.
 Had an amazing time in Davis. I would be watching the playoffs but i hve work today
 ummm. na. na. u cant mean tht. why u wanna leave me out
 There are some people who I never wanted to enter my life, because they are amazing and I know i'll them and they don't deserve it
 and new york
 Don't cry please if you cry I cry
 I'm so full
 I'm not funny anymore
 oh no way! I'm sorry! NEXT TIME 👍
 No bc you are the unique one here u no understand my joke
 and two disallowed goals for us!
 Oh god. Now I have to do homework and chores and stuff
 I dreamt that you followed me and I was so happy but then I woke up and I realized you aren't following me 43
 maz come online
 up all night to get pukey
 Can I send you the video for Justin another day pleasee. I have a lot of exams ...
 Forever waiting for our food
 but why
 i wish you follows me ari.. many times i hope that .... Pleasee honey! x15 (cont)
 Vote NateBuzz In Actor And Photography 4 Awards ( )
 I agree go Broncos !!! Chris Harris Jr is out he's from Bixby where I live
 Oh I hate unpacking
 love you more, cant wait
 he looks so sad im crying
 I dont wanna go tomorrow
 i want go too
 :'D Eish... but this!!
 PLEASE FOLLOW ME! JE T'AIME, STOP IGNORED ME PLEASE x21
 OMFG JC I CANT STOP LAUGHING. Wishbone doesn't like to grind https://t.c…
 I dreamt that you followed me and I was so happy but then I woke up and I realized you aren't following me 45
 get better soon jongdae
 And he was like 'get ready I'll take u to a boutique and buy u ice cream' :'( =)) na for ur fada's boutique that they sell ice cream?!
 please, dont ignore i love you, please notice me 29
 I am not a lie Why don't you trust me >.<
 fuck i didnt read it,.,, : : ((
 That's the only thing that I don't like, I see babes one day then have to wait a period of time before I see babes again
 LMFAO! U Had No Key?? Nd Nah She Wasnt Mad! She Tought I Got Drunk! She Dosent Believe Im A "GOOD" Girl No More
 He needs to have a follow spree soon bc there are soooo many people that deserve his follow
 So rattling how every broad locks their insta
 that sucks
 remember when the group acc only had nearly
 Fog rolling in made me come back early
 but this means she died after this is us but before soml :…
 Tried to light a candle and burnt a nail
 I miss the days when the boys were so close
 I hate the mainstream media's nightly news cast have not watched for so long now for this reason
 Why they grow up so fast
 please say ''Eu amo as minhas Mahomies Brasileiras'' it is very for Brazilian Mahomies,please Aust…
 Hellooo follow me? Pleaseee x n
 FUAAAA
 soon hopefully, well wanna see my mum aha x
 Cramps & I still gotta clean and pack
 News: tweeted a selfie yesterday and I missed it
 Reading old messages from some friend feeling how fool I was
 First world problems are still problems
 please follow me
 can someone bring a bag of sour worms to my house pls
 x are u not following anymore I didn't get one
 FOLLOW ME PLEASE IS MY DREAM
 yeh but I find it hard 2 motivate myself wen off work especially on my own I'll get my act together & go tomorrow morning
 Please follow me andie! it would mean the world to me
 Who wouldn't? Oops.. Arsenal maybe Me Me too I Wish We Play ManU Every Weeke…
 omg ignore those haters let me kill that bitch!!!!!
 😂 LOOOL Valentines day a come hmmm! What shall I buy myself"”
 i really want to send you fan but i cant draw is it okay if i just send you a letter?
 OHMYGOSH STAHP. I LOVE THIS MOVIE SOO MUCH
 The worst is when ppl don't fav your tweet but then they fav the sassy reply
 I want a kitten
 that would be much yum
 Checkk my bae :$ sigh imysfm
 :'''D Somewhere in South Africa :"""D
 fancy being my valentine this year?
 not even fair
 I'm not bc stupid midterms next week
 BRYCE DUNHAM though!!! i'm so in love
 i wish you follows me ari.. many times i hope that .... Pleasee honey! x27 (cont)
 guys its my bday!! Please follow also follow
 Good girls don't mind that ish Ey lo Last Seen wakwi Whatsapp wake wayenza indaba!
 Livya hates tlking abt college. Pretty sure she's going to avoid it until the day we have to move in.
 Heading back to makati.
 That's Tragic What to do????
 up all night to get pukey
 the struggle to get out of bed & get ready for work can i please sleep all day?
 i miss you
 I had one, but I didn't want my thong to show
 I can't leave alma
 My heat map it's not fair, let's get trending please
 i always hear footsteps upstairs in my friends house and when we check no one is there.. its really creepy
 I hate being the only one who doesn't understand Tagalog..
 Thoughts & prayers with you,I h8 getting sick like that
 ⋈⋈⋈ why ignore me? i'm crying not ignore me please follow me it's my dream, love u cris!! ⋈⋈⋈
 broken toe and good day to skate
 There's so many people out there I just wish I could hug you all and be there for you ~F
 rude
 damn girl
 i'm tired of feeling alone
 bae I ned u dnt lev
 I miss the old times , i wish time could travel backwards
 Ah i'm still waiting for you to take me to hawaii
 this is my baby today look at his smile I'm broken
 Lmfao! I miss you guys
 klopp in gundogan subotic reus in as well no? oh please? oh okay then
 I didn't get a selfie with Diana
 if u feel like it have a look online Droitwich floods 2007 not at its worst cancel side cottages 
 So tired
 I wish i could find the manips i made of me and khloe
 up all night to get pukey
 aw love i'm sorry you'll get one soon!!!
 I think you should change your password if you introduced it in the link, at least..
 I know but the fact that he's still growing makes me so happy
 I made you sad again didn't I?
 I've got it think I'm over the worst but the doc said it's going around at the moment
 awh I know :,( and then my gma told me she didn't go I don't like not going to church
 Can't find links for two towers extended
 your so mean to me
 just hit what about you? x
 aww i will dont worry, come back with uss
 had ice on it a lot today as have a first aid ice pack. I have sprained ankle often
 up all night to get pukey
 Pele yeah You are ill?? oshe Pele dear Last injection and I'm done \0/"””
 I want more sushi
 And he was like 'get ready I'll take u to a boutique and buy u ice cream' :'( =)) na for ur fada's boutique that the…
 oh yeah screw you! I just kidding! Jacy I thought I was your bae!
 Advice for me while I'm
 No Man what've I done eish
 HOE SHUT THE FUCK UP 😂😂😂😂😂😂 Seidie I know alot about football, and Seahawks gonna win ;) you finna unfollow me ?
 I know, my head too
 Ellie Goulding - Burn Help me by keeping watch covers contests!! I missed out on…
 Miss you Carly
 Teach me radix Guys Just Said " Ladies Love Me " What Am I Doing Wrong ?
 up all night to get pukey
 again i cant do anything right can i , he literally had no idea
 BBYYYYYYYY I LOVE YOUUUUUUU SO MUUUUUUCH
 I think I should post some to mash it up Sucks bana Subject10_: .....TL bila nudes
 I wish my friends liked the same music as
 Landed safetly. Back in PA
 I didn't want this weekend to end but it's time to get ready for the new week!
 I say broncos and Seahawks... I feel like san fran is gonna get killed
 Usually they Call those "Bullies" I don't know why I sometimes enjoy bossing people around (._."""
 why did you leave
 I dont know what to eat
 not a word.
 Follow Me? Please x3
 Got stomach ache bad
 follow me pls
 nirvana reminds me so much of devil may cry 3 it makes me
 
 I still have hw that i have to do
 Help
 I want a job
 tomorrow is the last day
 yes but I doubt it will be free
 i'm annoyed and i don't know why
 idk
 I am slowly slipping out of this seat
 i hate you but i love you I am so confused.
 How to say sorry?
 fuck you I already know that it's your anyway happy faggot
 Wow just watched movie. Tragic moving powerful
 wait Did the Professor just call the girls "Bugaboos"? Oh Hell NO! 😩.
 I really wish i could take you with me
 yeah he did and it's fine love, not everyone knows about that
 Mojo JoJo is trending! The Power Puff Girls is on and no one told me. Wow, you know I really thought we had something special, guys!
 me" LMFAOOOOOOO HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAAAAAAA LMFAOOOOOOOO"
 I hate being sick
 I'm working
 HNY : ( I pray you get well soon.
 My roommate is moving out today lol
 I fking miss you !
 they don't want to
 My eng tutor ditched me Second tutor this year who left me
 The first time in a long time that I actually feel broke
 I'm sorry! Life after graduation became so busy for me
 I miss all of you baes
 group hugs through the years
 OMG, why?
 i will try. i can't afford plane tickets on my own though, and i need my damn in my parents' safety deposit box
 it's been exactly a week since i met joey
 love is evil, spell it backwards I’ll show ya nobody knows me, I’m cold, walk down this road all alone It’s no one’s fault but my own
 Good morning! Ugghhh this sickness
 I really miss talking to you hahaha ha a
 JUSTIN PLEASE FOLLOW ME, I LOVE YOU SO MUCH BABE, NOTICE ME 346
 pretty much all creative work
 Happy mom miss [pic] —
 usually got like 100s with no boosters but then ever since like a week ago its been like 400 to 1000s and wont drop to even 200
 I'm gonna be so poor by the end of this month.
 I feel mentally drained
 too cruel to be true
 I'm at the point where if anything bad or sad happens to me I just laugh cuz typical
 So the bring the The Powerpuff Girls back and they ruin everything!
 Time for work
 I have a really bad back pain
 your grand. Brilliant Can't believe it's all over
 I dobt wanna do it lol
 This year and 7 months better hurry up and go by faster because I need to go to College now
 These last hours of weekends go by so fast
 I miss Damn, me too!!!
 yeah I saw her last night and the night before and we talked everything out and fixed things ♡ I wasn't happy w, out her.
 Well, I guess i'm losing a day in Paris and a night at my lodgings, assuming I can take off on Wednesday.
 we went to school with -3 that one Thursday we got back
 JUSTIN PLEASE FOLLOW ME, I LOVE YOU SO MUCH BABE, NOTICE ME 349
 
 I'm scared to see you with someone else."
 at least people wishes you a happy no one remembered mine 😭
 He's fucking a bag of apples now while moaning and he is crashing into eveything with his
 ok this fucking SUCKS. WHY DID HE EVER DO THAT?
 Creo que esta shit no manda mis snapchats
 The people who were teenagers in 1990s are so lucky that they have seen the "The Emerging SRK"
 My hair needs to grow
 I've never felt more sick in my life.
 Fuck man! Paid 145 for one book! Still need to get like 3 more! I hate school!
 Outlook not so good
 that would make my life so much happier
 With your face prettier, life's easier.
 What's up boo boo I'm sick — I'm sick too Sick buddies! :3
 i'm sorry! not you ppl just ppl didn't say you judged me! I love you! I hate being chopped liver... —
 I didn't mean to
 That moment when you feel as if your annoying the hell out of some 1....
 pwease im waiting patiently im getting my scream ready if you follow me cause you know your my life right ;)
 I guess thats a no
 quote this with any pictures of the boys please i had to delete all my pics
 same here up for a chat?
 what happened???!? I was sleeping when you called
 No can do! college basketball is trumping tonight on the East Coast or at least in VA! UGH! No fair!
 Ugh lol i hate this fml
 Excepting school
 The one I got to, close to UCF, is still pretty bad
 I've asked you out multiple times
 Cupcakes ......It's not helping
 i want like
 me too I failed to account for the time difference.
 you will never notice me
 It really is! I cried the whole way through it n after it!
 Caffeine -->the key to a perfect all nighter....obviously someone changed the lock
 & a physics test tomorrow too.
 I wanna go to my babe room but its brick outsideee
 I'm starving
 Left my steamroller at vinh's house
 This photos were taken by friends phone,I have shity phone as u can see on others,so yea....I am not rich I sux...KIDDING :3
 lmaooo yooo let's turn lunch tf uuuppp!! but we don't have school
 Awwee u want some of Except me
 Why does everyone hate on me for tweeting about my holiday , I aint killed anybody
 Sick of being bullied 24/7. I wish I was a normal kid again, my life would be so much
 Taking coach Skips advice=accidentally getting your relay dq'd
 I DONT HAVE ANY RN
 IF YOU ARE OUT THERE CLIFY CLIFY CLIFTON I WOULD LOVE A LURK-JUMP!!! miss ya man
 I am a terrible person... I'm sorry
 You better come visit me before I leave when do you leave?
 that's rough!
 I'm failing - first it was the heatwave... but the food is harder for me
 haven't talked to bae
 it's scary shit man
 my nose aches again owe oww owe owe
 SHHHHHH- I would dieee a thousand times
 you're so lucky, congraaaats! she never see me
 I wish I were at BOTT. Every year I wish the same thing. Poor me. Never been.
 can harry just date someone that isnt a fucking stuck up rich bitch.
 Ugh I lost my appetite
 sleep with your girlfriend.. Pleaseeeeeeee!!
 wehw thkscddksk so mutch
 Yes I did!
 Just because I need a damn reason to keep on going ..... Save me
 I wish I had dimples
 LYING GAME IS CANCELLED
 It supposed to be -1° tonight. I wish Jenny could come sleep with me.
 So good to be back in the took ! && got to talk to Coach Cantrell ! Miss him so so much
 Duno how to say
 Uh? Did man think they named the yout azonto LOOOOOOOOL
 today i was blazin in my backyard and a stray cat came up and was chillin on the table! he ran away though when i tried picking him up
 I just want 5sos and and The vamps to tour together and come to Colorado
 i'm not rich!!
 I was wondering if you read my tweet I try and read all my tweets!
 Work
 haha I think they are being sarcastic
 i missed you today
 Ok I give up..... is never going to notice me and follow
 what id do for a text back
 When life is flat
 I wish I had dimples
 tears falls dow again and again fck! no wayyyyy
 so i tried chain fishing for a shiny ANYTHING... and no luck
 Will be praying for them.
 I need a massage
 attention she pays to her Brazilian fans... I'm not blaming her but it erks me too
 We were matching tho
 oh no!!! *hugs* im so sorry she (and you) has to go through this. im sure she is so happy you are there!
 I hate quick weaves , when I needa scratch my head I can't get to it : ( lol
 you only followed like 9 people
 I COMPLETELY FEEL YOUR PAIN!! EXCEPT IM OLDER THAN YOU...
 word on the street is that it was with some girl at hug
 I was so looking forward to Venus
 I want to listen to music but my mom is on the phone and my aunt thinks I'm not allowed on here.
 why am I not a good singer?
 Why do I have a cheap family.. they won't buy me a stuffed animal
 quote this with any pictures of the boys please i had to delete all my pics
 I’m SO OVER this winter. Y’all can have all of this shit. All. Of. It.
 Jelly cause it's snowing where my bby lives
 low batery
 Ugh computer is slow can't really do nothing fml
 I'm so bipolar about justin” stan again i'm begging
 you sloth! I wish I could sleep as often as that aha
 I cant hold my tears
 
 ONE MORE FOLLOWER
 Why you never notice me? I luv u! 7
 follow me please babe, i love you so much dndkjana
 Tonight I resigned as President Tomorrow morning I go to the re-routing protest only as a…
 can it be true oh my god it is I love you best friend nd he finds my nervesness funny
 sorry the "Duck Master" ate the rest ssooo sorry
 yesh. And I wanna study myself Lol sorry. Technology tempts me
 All these soccer accounts following just make me miss it more
 I fell in love with you, idiot. I'm such a fucking idiot.
 not always
 Just wanna go fishing.
 kk bby. It's to late for me to run ? I just got wifi bc im in the hospital and i just want the song
 Tired to the max & idk why
 Kiss me hard before you go.
 Feeling a bit down for some reason
 sorry dude I dont speak english well, I dont understand
 I wish I had a dick now that's another way to get circumcised too 😂😂🙈
 Where's da bae
 craving chips
 so there is not Zion tour live album? where can we listen to the tour if there isn't a live album?
 yea I texted you Good Night..I gotta get for work in a few hours
 tweet me "i love you" pls
 I have school tomorrow and this snow in Jersey isn't doing any good but I get to sleep in bc I get in at 10 😌
 Babe you listen to shitty music and you cant dress shit
 wow ok you don't love me and Beatriz then I MEAN A GUY OKA
 Hungry denna bitch but cant eat shit
 DEFIANTLY!!! But I'm probably gonna be in the back & since I'm u won't see me
 trust me I won't I just lost
 I LIKE DRIVING
 Your follow is my dream but it's impossible to get noticed by you please baby i love u so much 💋 of follow me on -j
 I ONLY FOUND THE GIF SET I HAVENT FOUND THE VIDEO
 I'm sad I basically said this tweet 15 minutes before you but I get like 5 favorites guess your more Twitter Famous lol
 Why you never notice me? I luv u! 11
 Not tonight... Please?
 I want nudes from sam
 wth dude I was hyped af when I got broke double digits with 10
 Not yeeeeet LOL Is it really them? XD
 Early morning tomorrow but I'm excited for a delicious breakfast with my love!! 😘😍🍩☕️
 Follow me?? I love u so much, u never notice me xoxo and is amazing 14
 Kinakabahan is </3 — feeling nervous at Philippine Information Agency
 i like them
 ☼ ☼ I thought happiness with an H. Why does mine with U? Please follow me I love you ☼ ☼ x53
 I'm gonna miss photography
 hey justin, the is the best app! Follow me and my friend Please I LOVE YOU 28
 oh godd no match
 exactly , he's already had enough
 I have school tomorrow
 can you FOLLOW ME??Or maybe in shots please TE AMO💋💋💋
 I doubt ima have one this year cos well i just know . I want one who am i kidding . Lol
 I have the worst headache right now
 the is the best app! follow me pls bby ❤️ i want to put "Thank you justin in my user" 16
 my
 I wish it was this simple
 I fucking hate this feeling so bad
 I know I miss you too
 I love the my favorite app, u could follow me please? I LOVE YOU SO MUCH 68
 that's everyday struggle
 Your follow is my dream but it's impossible to get noticed by you please baby i love u so much 💋 of follow me on -l
 Still fake and pathetic zombie like others , bt gotta know that u will sooner or later pay the price
 The best one direction Follow me PLEASE 15
 someone cuddle with me and let me ramble about fictional characters while you play with my hair and occasionally call me pretty
 I'm sooo disappointed in Nickelodeon for canceling Victorious
 sorry I haven't been helping it at all...
 the is the best app! follow me pls bby ❤️ i want to put "Thank you justin in my user" 18
 I just really don't foresee myself getting $3,300 for a trip. I really don't think its going to happen.
 you're so lucky , i dont have a shots and justin will never follow me congratsssssss!!!
 PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW ME!!!!!!!!!!!! NOTICE ME!!!!!!!!!! I KEEP TRYING
 I know I miss you too
 my stomach
 I love you!!!!!!! Follow me please Bieber
 nah I missed them cus I worked
 ahh it might not be done for today im sooo sorry
 That's the Miley I want back
 736- we had math together last year but not this year sadly dm me sometime
 please wish "good luck ally" for me? i'll in a new school this year, ash 8
 falling sick
 Haleb should come back.
 So bitch ass Maria is going to Texas after high school I'm gonna miss her even more now
 Idk if i could do it , ille be so unfit . Emotionally , physically , etc etc . im whylddd sensitive so shit like that reall get to me
 the is one of my favorite apps, i love it!!! follow me please? realize my dream, ilysm 52
 please follow me is my dream
 I wish more people would re-act to your experiments though
 please stay 21 forever
 I live in LA omg
 be one dream if you me answer, the dream more perfect, performs this dream for me, please, please Avril, i love you so much 11
 i also hais
 Hey Cal!! Ive been trying so hard for your follow and i never got it please make it happen? ilysm x101
 I think I miss you more whenever you're not too busy to take me out
 I'm sorry I couldn't
 I want to get a skull tattoo really bad !
 2 of 12 Sticks were at the game. 1 of 12 made it back to East Hampton alive.
 don't remind me
 ☼ ☼ I thought happiness with an H. Why does mine with U? Please follow me I love you ☼ ☼ x58
 Hannah you're my fave character on
 aaaaaaah oki, chaaaaaaaaaaau
 I need to go sleep for I get bags under my eyes
 I hope that is not true I want het to come to holland
 Someone let me come spend the night