So excited to live the Greek life
We just sold the last play set from our first batch
I listen to good music, read the Bible/pray or exercise always turns it around.
I am a healthy, wealthy spiritual being. My mind, body and spirit are in perfect harmony.
Our "Say You Like Me" Platinum plaques were shipped out yesterday!!! So stoked to get it thank you so much to all the fans who supported
Got my ticket today to see at the C2C festival in London in March
People are surprisingly friendly and polite at the gun range. 
Updates and and official flyer will be posted as soon as everything is confirmed. If you have suggestions please let me know
Old lady be taking forever in front of me at CVS, then almost runs me over in the parking lot. At least she told I was handsome
Love people unconditionally, deeply and passionately so that they can teach you, you shouldn't
24 away from 50,000 Likes Come on you lovely Onesie lovin'
lol make sure they're sweaty when i smell them — lol gross wtf 
if you're gonna have opinions about me make sure you have the facts ok
I really like that Kobe can show his tattoo, plus it looks cool :D Hoping there's no community backlash about it.
Ohmygod, I loved Derpy's comeback in today's episode! I literally screamed out loud when scene came up.
What accent do you like the most? — Irish

 Can't wait til you get here! Life may be miserable, but it's less miserable with yoooou!!
 Hi do you like my drawing? good!!
 Depending on your age,Todd is either Mark Fowler or Tucker Jenkins. For me it's the latter
 Me too lol x
 Shoot first, zoom later!
 This guy sounds like the dude in Zombies in CoD
 Don't let go I'm never letting go of you =Team Work
 Hi do you like my drawing? good!!
 Yess I saw it Unnie!!~He cover his face~Gyu is so active on twitter these days Our Woollim Princess
 ha ha love this one also
 I thought as much Moyes dey use Man Utd do IT....
 I do both, you can post whatever you like
 You're not my first Love,but you're my last Love
 I vote for Sonam instead. I like her aswell
 how's your day been?
 yesssss please xxxxxxxx yesssss but youuuu got to Followww meeee first xxxx
 was looking so damn handsome in Vethi Sattai. I am pretty sure he is the only one who can pull off that
 she can't help it! But thanks for sticking up for me, jake
 Love the natural make-up you have going on here
 This film I can cope with no hiding behind a cushion on this one !
 RETWEET THIS▶FOLLOW ME & EVERYONE WHO RETWEETS THIS TO GAIN 50+ FOLLOWERS 65.45
 Hey
 Group photo!
 Whoo .. Can't wait Sunday can't come quick enough ✈️💕
 followback sweetie done pretty ;)
 QUOTE AND ADD WHAT YOU GOT I GOT HARRY AND LITTLE THINGS HYFR Louis & irresistable
 thats wat tags are for! Lmfao when my name come out that ass mouth of urs feel free to tag me ✔ or u can jus kik me
 you are MY favorite! I love you!
 HAAPPPYY I hope you have a great day
 follow back ?
 My phone fell into my bucket of water while I was performing in the
 Be my friend honey :3 — i try
 All in due time
 🌺✨🌺✨🌺✨🌺✨🌺✨🌺✨🌺 PRETTY PLEASE FOLLOW ME OLLIE! X 🌺✨🌺✨🌺✨🌺✨🌺✨🌺✨🌺 3
 Woo! My moms making my favorite dinner tonight
 mm sounds interesting!
 Hey, you guys should come up to Vancouver after bellingham.. hehe.. and play an all ages or at least 15+
 I just rocked the vote for for the 2014 Awards!
 I HAVE BEEN TRYING FOR SO LONG please follow me I love youuuu x144
 I did thank u yea I think DE are obviously not together, but I'm not going to stress about SE having a dance.. But Damon
 Rt or fav if ur a hybrid
 I my head the second alternative is the one I like best
 exacto
 Apparently today is wow how did I miss that. So much love to you all. Happy day! Or night..
 Big changes are in the works and I couldn't be more happy. I will see you soon in Florida baby.
 wp to for this game, gonna be harder against the frenchies of for the revenge
 Woofs to you Bull
 Me and my cuz in London before I leave
 you shouldn't talk.
 Megan Nicole icon from the best song ever video. Credit if you use
 follow back?
 is yuh faddaaa... he gone to buy a bread for meee sorry for being random bye
 Making brownies
 both predictions came true: Nigeria painted pitch green and fans the stadium yellow
 Haha loving tody tonight : )
 CagedBrxvery // love your acc x
 you're cute baby love you too 💜 💙
 Just helping the other fam
 it never is thats why i sit here and reply to as many of you as possible
 Me encanta como canta Mandy Rain "Story of my life"
 Yup Cracker Barrel put all the Duck Dynasty stuff back
 Trust me they wanna see you do good but never better than 'em big time
 hi honey! xx remember the perfect basement one? I so love this
 babe I've just sent u one
 Owww yeee. What are you going to draw?
 OKAY NOW 2k with nV
 haha i'm not Taylor but she's really beautiful with curly hair
 Good job Payno Well done, couldnt've said it better myself
 Laichingen
 NEUES VIDEO GET READY WITH ME mit der URBAN DECAY NAKED 3 PALETTE
 Sure ! No prob ;) I'm Ana ! Nice to meet you
 ooooo thanks
 She is 😭 and alright thanks
 I'll be your friend
 can 20 of you guys go follow my boy FAV when done
 Wow! That was the best secret plan EVER! Congratulations
 Fine thanks whats up?!
 ya 3amy 9aida
 I love local natives
 I'm just laughing at your modesty. Manage Rangers! Haha
 We Want Ian Somerhalder On Ellen is trending WORLDWIDE! Yay
 if you like these photos google Deviant and type in Senna, lots more
 💕🐧💕🐧💕⛄️ LUKE HEMMINGS from 5SOS Please follow me☺️? You mean the world to me😟 I Love U💕 Chile loves
 Hello! Nice to meet you.
 Happy
 Keep trending and show how powerful Janoskianators really are!
 [1k32]|| Programming|| SQL in Real Life >Select * from grls WHERE ="Good"; Result=null!
 my bad well let's hope its better than the first
 Can I joinnn this account — talk to
 Done with time, more tomorrow! if you liked them
 School is stupid and I'm stupid and I'm gonna fail everything
 Happy Face!
 I've never seen it but wouldn't be my pick... although I forgot what I voted for in the poll.
 okay guys, ten retweets and i'll do a 16.5K will see that and will follow you and it'll end up on ariana…
 you're cute baby love you too 💜 💙
 Stay wonderful
 your welcome xx
 When I'm not in a mood for any type of foods Taco Bell and chipotle get me in the mood
 Indeed it was a splendid one. Commendable job!
 Sorry I can't watch because Im on my phone but Im gonna watching most later and Im french
 Unlimited mimosas and sangría this early in the day. My kind of
 I'm dying
 Luke be my 1/5 x39
 Kamu ngirim apa chelo LOL you gotta read this, its epic
 i dont think my photography is too bad november 5 2012
 Smashing. I've got a Caramel egg in the fridge. My treat for doing loads of walking n having spare calories
 follow me pls
 yeah
 I would quite like to one day move to Dublin, what a bunch of epic people." Yes please doo or even Cavan?
 aww nice! That's not too bad as far as unnecessary spendings go!
 BIG MISTAKE! Vader never met Yoda in
 Thank you so much for letting me know!
 10 more babes follow for a follow back x
 because he's a inspiration to so many people and he never fails to put a smile on people's faces.
 You guys should make vine's smacking a random persons ass today LOL
 Ending my shopping in a great rainy day
 I LOVE YOU SIISSY !!!
 for a color indirect mbf please
 thank you so much
 just lookin out for a friend
 It isn't just about music & performing 2 me. I care about all of u. I want to make the world better with this gift. Thoug…
 10/10 !! its my new favorite film xx
 yesssss but youuuu got to Followww meeee first xxxx ;)
 this is only getting stronger. THANK YOU! MUCH LOVE!
 u were hilarious We love u Dadi hehehe & Dadi rocked it !
 think im skipping mountain day
 Hi! Would you both mind reading this? I've been trying for so long x x11 568
 Accepting you could care less about me and moving on
 Thank you to follow me!
 the best fandom and the best family
 why do you tweet things when i take a bath for an hour? x
 nothing wrong with that
 I have left the live take EP there because it's the first thing I ever did and it doesn't fit in with the rest of the EPs …
 Hahaha. I don't think he was a cheerleader. But I thought the comment would amuse you.
 so we cool now? I don't want to argue with anyone and I don't want to anyone either
 Something I don't aspire to! I definitely prefer quality over quantity... and I know quality when I see it x
 I love life & all of these ANNOYING things that comes with it
 followed you follow back
 you at FC atm?? come say hi
 cool!..
 Here comes the sun,du dun doo doo,Here comes the sun,I say...it's alright
 yes. But that's the point. Sweat and lose weight
 Out
 im pround of you i love you all the celebrities should be like you
 use all of them! (if not I'd choose 3 or 4)
 We are different in a good way
 the next 14 people who follow will get dmed to niall!!!
 the video was so cute
 i really want to try this, i tried the mango one but wasn't that keen, let me know what it's like and whether it's it
 your welcome
 Sure, let's say THAT!
 References done and sent of to the Bat Conservation Trust for our new bat carer Sue..yaay! she going to be a great member of our team
 u welcum Thank You
 wish I get messi in Fut
 It isn't just about music & performing 2 me. I care about all of u. I want to make the world better with this gift. Thoug…
 Gooodnight!
 priciously ᵔᴥᵔ your layout is beautiful!! so are you
 Follow spree in 15 minutes!! X
 you don't need people that make you feel like crap :/ hope everything gets and yeah I'm alright thank you
 Bringing home the newest chapter award! We see great things ahead for our chapter
 goodnight bby
 They were in Paris to show how walking sex looks like (y)
 Let me just say you are very pretty, I love your YouTube videos, how you're a directioner and you hair in all…
 its so clean
 Yes been wandering around today Jumping in muddy puddles with tiny gin person.
 follow back... Family
 thinking about trying zumba again. because apparently it wasn't a big enough blow to my self esteem the first time around
 Hope you find it! My WIP would be a year old in February.
 Lana in season 2 bloopers is the best thing ever OMG her cuteness kills me
 Richie, don't be so sad. I hope that everything is gonna be ok Take care of yourself. Be strong, don't give up ! :*
 ITS MY
 Its fun you can mess about and stuff and the other person joins in with you
 it's actually quite lovely
 Loch Insh on Countryfile! One of my favourite places in Scotland
 follow back hun?
 follow back?
 Boy oh boy, I really get a kick outta you guys! You're funny people. I LOVE TWITTER! Lol. Goodbye *bites down on the b…
 Ask me questions
 My new shoes I love them!
 Snookiiiiii in insider
 Some dabs will do
 Next month I'm going to get two little Greentea and Louise
 follow me for a dm to 5/5! HURRY
 ♡Follow me ♡ I followback just ask ♡ this ♡ Follows EVERYONE who http:/…
 jsut read hun :* it be ok bubba aint not scardy cat :*xx
 Thank you
 already GP
 please
 XD iknw that feeling,lzymnd f ours_awys in a mood lol .. p.s-here's 2 Nevr growng up
 try it then say that again
 Sweet, thank for the knowledge.
 hey beautiful! Fback please?
 .... Thank you
 Hi loves! Can't wait to giveaway my surprises to you New Yorkers on tomorrow! The studio is at 44th & …
 I have !
 Follow back?
 sounds like a plan!
 Mm doggie ice cream
 Good morning my love Rise n shine!
 I like this quote.
 Yveltal daddy is exit because he is not the strongest anymore 8') zekrom is here
 Dear followers...I'd like to tell u thanks for following me and love ya
 Hey bro! Cool vids!
 I shall prove you wrong
 pleaseee follow me Chris!
 ill do it bc you asked me too
 it really does, doesn't it! receiving a well thought out comment
 defintley think you should change your display picture to this
 a happy to the strongest family ever
 are you going to be the page boy then at jolly's wedding ??
 Do not cry, do not worry, just be happy.
 this ♡FollowMe ♡I Follow Back ♡Follow everyone who this ♡Gain ht…
 Follow Spree & Call Spree
 yeah I know. But the idea is awesome. I appreciate.
 MT5792 I'll be in Houston in a couple of weeks!
 aww sorry gorgeous I woke up feeling some type of way
 aww thank you so much
 How come on facebook we cant be your friends, only like you ?” < Because I want it to be exactly like rea…
 If you want one direction to carry on the video diaries retweet
 I'M FOLLOWING BACK EVERYONE RIGHT NOW!
 I love you Justin , i am with you forever :*
 Text Camera climbs to (in photo + video category) in the Italian App Store.. and a BIG update is coming on App Store.. s…
 Hi loves! Can't wait to giveaway my surprises to you New Yorkers on tomorrow! The studio is at 44th & …
 Out in town
 Panera mango smoothie for lunch
 Last night
 what's that you say? - mmm soup. I just burnt my pasta!
 hey niall follow me Please ? i love your voice i hohe i meet you
 All smiles
 yeah no jk, wish it was. It's Perrie from Little Mix
 of course I can
 happy-BD a mis sisters!

 i'm ok
 Haha. Aw, you're cute
 Parabens amr
 If you want one direction to carry on the video diaries retweet
 oh that's totally cool, just checking
 thanks I will
 Next few months. Possibly even sooner
 Im off ! Love you all
 It's fine. Just curious. I don't really mind coming off as slightly loony - lol!
 It is not to wait again.
 She is perfect
 of you stayed through it all
 Feeling blessed with this beautiful day right now
 Add me 74BA65A2
 for an account rate /10 Free bc i love u guys
 thank you so much! It means a lot x
 so racist, yet my big ball hamster got banned, what's wrong with you all lmfao
 Attended the Grew an appreciation for imprints lol
 so proud of my mothafuckin selff
 The minute in between 11:10 and 11:11 feels like the longest minute ever. And then I finally look away for 1 second an it…
 Let it be
 Selma !!! Girl How are you
 Here comes the sun,du dun doo doo,Here comes the sun,I say...it's alright
 me das follow back?
 what time will you be over
 hi yes I will now
 quite close to town then!
 Hi I'm Lilly, please can u follow ~ he's my fav singer, he's amazing!!
 NOW only 5 days remain 4 wait ll b
 network rn.
 Think my friend's dog misses me. Here she is with my lady beetle car
 think its definitely time for a change bring on tuesday
 xx its amazing how many different ways there is to stay in touch these days
 thanks for the follow
 done
 A tiny cook!
 Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers via
 hi sunshine! follow me please and it will mean the absolute world ily please x Jcnbv
 okay, so I still have a chance to meet you! cuz I wanna meet you. Lol.
 Thank you for sharing my fan
 from where do you get the inspiration for your songs?
 just checking in and asking how you're doing? So.. How are you Max? X
 My wifi isn't working properly now so I will go off for a while and do a JB spam later Have a nice evening, tweeps!
 I got your email, btw. Sorry haven't responded yet. This week...ugh. But SO THRILLED you're "back".
 Thats cool lets keep helping each other and and Ride
 Some' wrong? nope
 promise me your'll come meet me in live on
 Lmao :"""D Give them a friendly uzobabona lol"
 mmm.. M very bad at guessing.. I think mohini?..
 LOOK AT THE FABULOUSNESS OF THIS POSTER!
 Sry I haven't posted any I've been sick but I'm much better now!! Hope y'all have a blessed Sunday!!
 follow back?? Xxx.
 Абе ајде? Sexy Pool Trick Shots With Totally Insane Skills via
 lol good comeback Adri. didn't I use that on you last night?
 yesss love harry potter , goblet of fire is the best one
 Saw and last night
 Newboots
 admissions interview.?
 retweeted love good luck
 Nice! I no longer have to be jealous Mexico or Cuba?
 Hehe...but how? How they get popular, seems like overnight hehe. Not hating on them btw X
 thank you!
 LOL Lol... Women Of Faith I can sing of your love forever
 Great meeting you today. You guys have fabulous food. See you next Sunday
 I have a king charles spaniel!!!!
 thanks! A little secret- I don't wear makeup 50% of the time
 Stats for the day have arrived. 2 new followers and NO unfollowers via
 Inside us all their is a living, growing gift designed to give, that gift is love
 look what my parents got me mine
 THANK YOU ALL FOR GOING AGAINST ME I HATE YOU ALL
 once you get to college its much more enjoyable x
 Thank you Isha
 follow back
 They basically wanna rip each others clothing off but are angry & angsty & unsure about one another & obviously in public lol
 Thank you!
 omg,thanks! that means a lot i love yours too
 a pizza hut, a pizza hut, Kentucky fried chicken & a pizza hut
 How're you Dan?
 Im off ! Love you all
 Sunset in black and white
 im following the next 100 who follows
 you're very welcome love
 Thanks for listening tonight
 Congratulations! A fantastic list to be on
 That is awesome could you send me the link to it? I love recipes!!
 agree with uh
 If ur a belieber or mahomie follow my bestfriend pleeeeese
 of you stayed through it all
 I really think you should learn to drive
 "Omg Nash you're racist, you're sexist, you're gay, you worship satan" lovin the rumors keep em coming
 Yes we will. Tiffany can confirm when it comes out!
 I cried to the episode where he's at Farhampton station with the german guy, think that was last season. :'(
 thankyou Karen! x
 So glad that and made the trip to Winona this weekend
 I love these so much
 mehn dats 2 deep,ion undastnd shit,,english plz
 hahaha..nah bbc I just asked him a legit question!
 happy
 lol, afternoon! 1:30 Sunday. I won't ever figure it out, my brain is too full of other data to absorb!
 That's what just said too
 Hi loves! Can't wait to giveaway my surprises to you New Yorkers on tomorrow! The studio is at 44th & …
 Ready to go out ✌️
 I truely do love cats and dogs , they do talk sense sometimes
 Hm, I'm not sure about 10 but I'll keep you posted coz I'ma be there quite early
 Sleepy.. mornight peeps!
 s lovely *sigh*
 yea that stuff in the tray is definitely not one of ours lol
 You cool
 Ive got tomorrow off, but i sadly still work today
 oh nothing, the series i was watching finished ahaha
 Im off ! Love you all
 ; Uncle Allan was cracking jokes. It was the first few days after our arrival to Canada
 Lol Ur such an
 I said tell them what them nigga said
 Big congrats to the who have SOLD OUT on all 3 nights of their live show next week at the I've got mine
 My thoughts EXACTLY hebfjhdbzjfhvbszvfjhsz!:!!!"
 FOLLOW ME I, I FOLLOW BACK FOLLOW ME I, I FOLLOW BACK FOLLOW ME I, I FOLLOW BACK FOLLOW ME I, I FOLLOW BACK JUST AS…
 Bought elephant leggins from forever yesterday
 grandview we have othello Thursday
 Luke Hemmings I really want to have 1/4 follow Can you make it happen? I love your music and I can't wait for more 385
 yayyee yea i knw that
 It's not me, it's you. to rindo
 looks like a season where ur gonna need lotsa nephews.
 take your time can't rush the music
 oh, no problem, we can talk in english
 nobody will ever convince me that a person playing a guitar is not a god
 oh haha did you see what I sent you last
 Im off ! Love you all
 Everything tastes better with Peach syrup
 Going to have a pamper night. In pain, tired and fed up. Hello Ginger sparkle scrub and thermal facemask might paint my nails too. x
 Yr mom for Ballon D'or
 okay but i still recognized you bcus TWINNAAAY hahaha
 surprised you are awake still sir , how come ??
 Congrats on 4k & xx
 He had a big day
 Sorry, wrong app. We do appointment scheduling but thanks for the mention ^AL
 🎮Let's play a little game🎮 1. YOU follow ME 2. I'm the happiest girl! 3. Highfive yourself Fair enough Michael? X z
 thanks!!
 Out to eat with the fam
 for a DM to Niall i will post a proof when im done and must be following
 oh yeh I know the one, yellow original murcialago and yellow gallardo spyder, and the regular r35 that goes past everyday
 I'm girl
 Follow Spree & Call Spree
 YES PLEASE
 lol! Thank ya. I'm on the left. The other is my little sis! That was at the Pacers bball game!
 lol well.. thank you
 I did your phone just sucks haha >.<
 Gifts for her
 come down at like 9 , bring anyone you want to
 so excited for tonight's episode!!! Been waiting all week!!!
 haha hey its not my fault...you knew I was making noises at you
 Anyone know some players which is "Funny" to play with? Maybe a bit unknow or a funny inform not to know
 love your hair! — LOL thank you
 Helooo. you are 13 years old. really ?
 I said this many times & it's still true...My grandparents are awesome They Loveeee & My Grandma adores Mary Jane Holland
 well there is this girl and she really annoyes me but don't worry babe
 awwrh ur so sweet baby luv u loads xoxoxoxoxoxox
 Have a nice day/night.!
 I say me marry and Stacey should go to the movies
 Took me forever to get your eyes right. Hope you like it.
 Your value doesn't decrease based on someone's inability to see your
 My new wallpaper
 Omigod you guys are sending me so much inspiration!! Thank you!! Okay, gots to get to work now...Happy Sunday, Lovers.
 Soo she forgot to wear underwar
 Needs a hug from our entire fandom right now to pass it on
 Ummm... yes! it's awesome especially for zombie lovers.
 Lots of house cleaning today. My allergies are going haywire.
 Humbled to be recognised by a legend like Would b massive 2 win this guys Appreciate all ur htt…
 for the contest CONTESTANT 11 😘
 that's okay! Aw that's good then! yeah, it was good thank you x
 theres a homestuck mod? do ya mind linking me? i wnt some trolls in my game
 Not cheering for any team in the NFL games today. The only team that I ever cheer for is the Good games coming up soon!
 If you want one direction to carry on the video diaries retweet
 your amazingly CUTE Can we text ?
 oh..okay thanks
 More track work took place today at Furnace Sidings. Things are to come together nicely! We shall...
 Vote vote vote! Deepika is nominated for Best Actress at the Zee Cine Awards 2014 for YJHD, CE & Ram-Leela!
 Off for a little trip tonight to see my family and friends!!!! family and friends are everything
 can u follow ? She send u so many messages please follow her ! She loves u so muuch ! L
 Connors on the ice so in reply to your text it's 2-2 x
 did an unfollow spree for the people who didn't follow me back
 tell ur man to buy u one
 okay, sure :3 whenever you like, I'm here
 thanks for the follow!
 follow back?? Xxx.
 Prom dress ordered ahhh I'm so excited now !!
 Update: Luke hasn't followed anyone in about an hour x
 My Sunday night! Revising for biology so glad I love my college course
 Apparently today is wow how did I miss that. So much love to you all. Happy day! Or night..
 followed
 ♡ ♡ hey zayn if this gets 100+ retweets will you please make my dream come true and follow me? ilysm .…
 Humbled to be recognised by a legend like Would b massive 2 win this guys Appreciate all ur htt…
 Brisbane can't wait! ☀️
 Thank you Isha
 follow back?? Xxx.
 Happy i wish you the Best
 Imma be Jus be wit my fam watchin
 if you are a small account follow me and I will help you gain
 ME + YOU PLEASEEEEEEEEEEEEE IF U KNOWWW WHATTTT I MEAN
 well you're welcome too haha
 How come on facebook we cant be your friends, only like you ?” < Because I want it to be exactly like rea…
 oh that one lol once you get into like season 3 it getting really jacked up so have fun
 So glad me and Erin broke up
 Still in NZ time. Trying to capitalise on it by walking dogs.
 Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers via
 Peg v. Mike v. See who passes out first!
 Hahaahahaa they'll deactivate.
 haha I know the feeling mate ,good to chat.I'm so masochistic I'll be there on Tuesday 7-6 COYI : )
 my mate picked me up half way to Sutton walking
 Awwwwwww Thanks a lot to you too Cc
 Hi Mylene! Ken here. May I please know your contact no and contact person for onsite visit purposes? Thanks!
 It'd be my
 and they arent burnt
 glad you enjoyed it.
 Check out my debut chick lit novel, "Harriet Greer Grows Up." Available in Kindle ebook and Paperback now hmkV
 if you win, you can buy me a Buddy’s this week
 done with indirects
 Movie marathon tonight
 Just thought I should remind you that you are missed and loved By.... Your Bunny
 Thanks friend
 My bed is so comfy
 Tiffany Was here ! :*
 Im off ! Love you all
 ha ha ha *high fives* gal after my own anytime, love
 holy crap, wannabe hairdresser more like. Gorgeous boy can work it
 So does anyone have some good advices on what books I should read?
 Man killzone mercenary is such an epic game for the ps vita
 Tnx ;-) Wiat until you see my Cat, name: Buddy, occupation - Loving me
 Wow that's lateeeeee you should sleep ^^ you'll be tired tomorrow
 so I'm ready for the new tonight, are you?
 Photoset: cityofbonesclaceforever: i really like that scene × the instruments blog.
 So glad we have practice Monday got so much on my mind.
 can someone pls follow me with their saved accs so i'll reach 3.8k i would really appreciate it
 I only want 3 things: See you. Hug you. Kiss you. x
 music — ￼listening to
 I'm still waiting
 S/O to the Gorgeous Follow Her
 I got GTA
 well, just getting to know you.
 Ooh I see waow lol
 Can you follow me today? Or this is impossible? I think its impossible.❤
 Just did the bump file sharing thing with my Samsung. Pretty cool. Simple pleasures make me happy.
 anyone want a dm to jake miller?
 that's what friends are for
 First gig...CHECK. Went to sing a song to a girl and someone called me out cause they knew I'm with I'm ok…
 Hello! You is wonderful ! i like you
 Mannnn that sandwich gave me life!! I needed that
 no modern dress in Boone
 Happy !!!! Love you girl 💎💙
 Polishing up my now. Should be up on tomorrow.
 
 of course charity for small people is what I do
 i hope this works
 it's kinda lame but you've all helped me be strong when I thought I couldn't and I want to return the kindness
 Taurino!! so delicious!! OMG omg...it was very good indeed
 good morning!
 sokay Morning" Morninggg
 the struggle is real :/ but i'll be home soon so its ok
 Happy Ian
 Thanks for the
 that's alright!!
 Last night I saw ( amazing movie ) and I was thinking now watch this
 ah I see. Well that makes sense, thanks
 You can do it
 Okay, for real logging off to listen to the Frozen soundtrack and make some Mac n' Cheese. Better use of time on a day off.…
 Selamat pagi ♫ In My Place by —
 oh dang, I didn't even know! I'm still getting to know everybody and their names 😭😳 bu okay
 Some old country
 Eye to eye goofy movie
 looks like you had fun, girl! happy again
 My man Liam Payne smashed his audition yesterday enough love for you bro
 thanks that helps a lot I'm so excited
 great news!!! according to "have a video in production in Rico"
 Because at the end of the day, Harry is just Harry, and that's exactly how we like him
 A little boy has a surprise for his girlfriend..
 If you care too much, you'll get
 30k! I ❤ you all.
 come don't sleep
 thank you
 ohhh that's right I diiiiid! well that's a relief.
 just saw your video and I Loved it.. You're adorable! I agree with everything you said.. Keep doin what…
 A little boy has a surprise for his girlfriend..
 IM IN SUCH A GOOD MOOD PLS NO ONE RUIN IT
 Test
 Thank God for a brand new day! Goodmorning!
 A little boy has a surprise for his girlfriend..
 So happy you kids had fun too. I LOVE the names they brainstormed.
 LOL you hush Dont call you slurps for style
 to the Gorgeous , always been such a all the years on twitter Hope you are doing great!
 dude! I love this song from the album
 you are intelligent, dont doubt yourself
 Came home from work and went straight into pjs. It's movie time
 YAASSSS Gurl thank you
 pretty pathetic. Oh well he'll do it again
 Hi I'm Lilly, please can u follow ~ he's my fav singer, he's amazing!!
 lol I'm in time out! I'm sure he had fun beating me at everything
 i need to get this horrible feeling out of my system so im drinking and doing my nails
 thanks God
 your making the pilgrimage.. Awesome
 You were clearly overcompensating.
 is being so nice to me tonight
 who u married to mis lady? — My husband, duh.
 I love your and your acc matches so well
 but really, I'm ok. I just like whining.
 I can attest to that! Even had 3 at one time Having two cats in the house is definitely more than one.
 
 NP Hope you're happy
 Wow this is so fun amazing thank you so much for watching x
 That awkward moment when someone forgets to sign out of Jake's laptop on twitter before he goes back to school haha
 on 3 cups of coffee today, Al. The only reason I got it out there first
 Flares Bridal + Formal has the sweetest ladies working there. So glad I got my fashion show finale dress from
 Did you photoshop this in paint?
 Ca$h - my nigga!!! Ilysm playa
 oh ok hahah thanks
 Yea add me on facebook my link is my bio — Lol okay!!!
 I am happier without you
 hey
 cause it's yummy
 Actually looks like a movie They did a great job!
 Getting really excited to writing for the next record
 thanks bby
 If your at school and see the wi-fi "FBI Van" you know who to call.
 Happy anniv & bayuu keep everlasting till the end
 make sure you've got http:// at the cos it screws up for me if you dont
 Yesterday bowling w masscommers
 Good night good night baby.
 hopefully no laa
 This is such a cute video of dogs sliding down a hill! Makes me want to go sledding
 oh, it's not very impressive it's a 2 stroke, single stage, 5hp, electric it's a
 Whatever God promise you it belongs to you.
 the 1975 is actually pretty good
 thank youuu andre
 I love you more ❤️ I love my mentor ❤️😘❤️😘❤️
 what a good friend lmao 😂😂😂
 thank you!
 honored to be there cheering u on
 Getting really excited to writing for the next record
 Filling the empty crystal
 implying he would went through a qualifier with koreans in
 I love u Joaquín.... just ignore mean people..... have a wonderful night and week....
 i know a lot of people are asking you to be their valentine. but if you say yes to me.. I'll take you out to dinner
 Hi Luke Hemmings ! ik spam is annoying and im sorry to bother you but it would mean so much if you followed me ily a lot 2260
 nauticalmikey 🌝 holy fuck u have 4/4 luckky and i love ur header and icon ( beautiful manip btw )
 agree but I gotta get back to later!
 73,170 followers! We will giving out a special prize for one lucky winner. ReTweet this and you might stand a chance to win…
 well thank you anyway lovely let me know when you need to reach your next goal, k?
 ♡ ♡ FOLLOW ME & ♡ HOPE YOU GAIN ♡ FOLLOW WHO ♡ BE HAPPY
 UR LOOKING REEEALY F*CKING LUVLEEEEE TONITE
 happy lia. may Allah bless you .
 lets go on a road trip and visit colleges
 followed
 What's happening twitter asks ...abso fuckin lutely nothing...... That's what's happening twitter well
 i Follow back...I'll help you gain. Follow me first
 Without a doubt
 s/o to Laurens little bro
 Let me know because I love makeup hehehe.if you do get it enjoy it
 Well that's
 Xperience Fitness in Blaine! Why do you ask?
 bummer, right?!
 Good job jv girls u guys did great and varsity girls u guys did great to keeping working hard jv girls and I am proud of u girls…
 Aminnnn.. tq yha .. Jbu too Happy wish you all the best,Jesus Bless You"
 Keep tweeting
 I always got you babe. I love you
 I'm tramp stamp it
 Dean: "Listen, Tara, my associate..." Crowley: "Friends. Besties...!" LOL
 You look super cute when you smile
 My sister heard the baby's
 Just some paperworks.
 I already ordered one on amazon
 Heyyy! Vacant po!
 love my twitter background
 Hey! If you ever want to at one of our events you are most welcome.
 DUDE me neither.. haha im still in shock I've actually meet him 4 times♡
 If I Get A Follow From You And I Would Almost Die ;)
 LMFAO THIS IS GREAT XD your snapchat shit is the best dude, did you send this ??? and thanks dude
 These pain killers are knocking me right out. Trying to fight it and stay awake but I can't. So goodnight y'all
 Stats for the week have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers via
 for: Forgiveness in Christ Righteousness in Christ Redemption in Christ Peace in Christ Eternal life in Christ
 I've heard it works
 Yes that
 WHEN I GOT SEND TO THE OFFICE TODAY I HAD A GOOD FEELING! IT MADE MY
 You fucking rock our world. xxx
 Coming soon! Plus more new songs!! can we get the studio version of of moving o…
 I'm to think I have a whole lot of people to taking out for drinks
 Chris mize is a bitch
 I did lol
 Here we go!!!!
 ooooh its good so far
 I really enjoyed the new music video, music great as always guys the TV series will be here in one day!, so excited
 ....I tell you a secret ... I'm doing a craft work and dedication in the new flag
 75,000 retweets and we will each drink a glass of piss
 brb lemme go take a selfie in the snow with barely any clothes on
 thats so much love
 the pain is one of my fav lol
 makes me
 Have fun!
 Everyone should subscribe to YouTube Channel!
 Follow Twitter dan Instagram Online Store Sneakers Original dan RECOMMENDED !!!
 My relationship with . U can't deny this is real
 I love queens I do , but Brooklyn got that
 ahahahahaha I slept at 12:30 somewhere there, ma brother came later.
 I maybe buat persembahan that dayyy hewhewhew
 Have no idea how excited I am to hear to your new stuff!! can't wait! x6
 you're such a fag
 well you are 22 now
 
 Here's to and Hopefully tomorrow is a better day,…
 Hey! Check out my fairy tale inspired jewelry company! Let me know what you think! …
 Nuhun dulur kami Happy 3 Years Annivesarry -Stay Gold
 can someone pls give/trade me free follows, just tweet me
 ahhhh we are too!!! hopefully you'll find something you like
 YOU HAVE YOUR OWN BOOBS NOW BOOBY PARK! PLAY WITH IT?
 Great day for Serbian tennis today.I am dedicating my win to friends and their baby
 1 sounds perfect! And okay great!!!
 ♫ Almost Is Never Enough by Ariana Grande & Nathan Sykes —
 is the reason why I can't stop using thanks dude btw I love you so much please follow me💚 489
 If anyone wanna guess my name, I'll give you a shoutout. K, but people who do know it, fuck off
 Good morning
 Yeah, I didn't even know you rode! I bought my horse from scattered oaks
 goodnight
 lavender, cream, mint, and light pink
 umm.. well, did you teach her how to log in online and check her usage? Otherwise no way to tell.. you're a mean dad!
 Wondering if Malik will be dj'ing with his co DJ today ?
 Thank you so much for inspiring me!
 win for you
 76: You're soo pretty
 happy maaaaan! Live it up!
 Can't wait to see my long lost foreign exchange student planning a trip to Brazil to see this hot betch next…
 I love the app! almost as much as I love you!! 😋 please follow me cupcake 52
 My girlfriend,,,is Guitar
 hey calum! it'd mean the whole wide world if you followed me I love you so much 22
 YES YA MADELYNE
 im setting up my valentine's day february themed layout rn im so excited
 you can still send numbers if you want and if i didn't do yours I probably did it already
 thanks dude
 I'am a Woody Sheriff
 We’re working on it
 Go FMOIG:MalynJayy....I Need Mo Followers Yall...I Follow right Back
 always
 I wanna chat w/ you guys
 a CD Abbi did you not read the caption???????????
 Agreed! Hahaha "Who's the biggest workaholic on set?" CRAFT SERVICE!
 oh how fun
 oouu man that sucks, sorry bout that but hey you'll be getting yours before me
 Oh your outfits are quite thick. I wish there's snow in my country. I just want to feel the snow under my skin.
 you are just soooo freaking cute
 It's good to be back Japan! Thanks so much to the mixers and label for such a lovely welcome xxjadexx
 Hey!!! I cant control the prices! lol
 goood!!! Lol you ever seen Arrow?? That is even better
 you are welcome!
 I'm not the one to be someone's maybe. I'm perfectly fine being on my own
 Aw thank you
 Cold stone with the roomies
 Follow me on Instagram - KiRedd
 hahahahaha not probably. That's for sure
 its gloomy in sydney but you guys can make any day bright for me. Thanks guys
 good night htt…
 It may be a new day with something different
 did you get Jake's text?! ♡
 you're welcome
 night
 100% accurate I am not the only one that does this!
 Sydney is so cute, I'm so glad we're friends
 ILY. Follow me please I've you since the 29
 sounds like you've got the travel bug, 1st Italy, today NYC. Pack a bag girl, have fun
 We've "done lunch" even. She was treated to my stream of consciousness for an hour.
 Im so blessed
 i knew you could score again!
 If you're not from the 80's or 90's , you're definitely too old or too young for me
 haha omgg thank you soo much! It's soo cool we r on the same month
 I will believe in MAGIC
 Okay it's the snows fault
 Hello Shay! : ) Hope all is well!
 Please , die
 the only thing you'd be missing out on is me
 thanks! ashton please
 she proposed to him! I hope he said yes
 hey calum! it'd mean the whole wide world if you followed me I love you so much 19
 awwwwww thanks I miss you!! I better see you tomorrow!!
 Yet, THAT No-Thing, so doing, is Ever 2 Everything is in motion. Everything flows. Everything is vibrating. [Wayne Dyer]
 check out my profile link
 Not yet! I'll listen to it! Happy Wednesday, Bel.
 warfare, Who says, Half of my that's all I know from him, and at least I love those.
 Enjoy cdnya sudah keterima, thanks ya
 thanks a very fitting name indeed, lol
 115- you're so pretty and sweet! And an awesome girl I haven't seen you in forever though, miss you!
 welcome honey
 here thottie, thottie, thottie.
 my feels for this show!
 Hello blue sky and sunshine! Long time no see!
 don't be sad ️ily+everyone else
 I made a 9 tailed fox (Naruto) skywars map on creative 2!
 260- My kiki lol i hope i seee you this weekend.. You're cute
 I enjoy you, so you should enjoy that!!!
 A half of me ! Btw thanks for the gift
 Besides Compass, We Owned The Night is one of my favorite songs! Keep up the great work
 hey lady! Sorry I haven't written back yet..I will soon!
 Hi Niall follow me please, no ignore me, is sad -Te amo. Follow me ¡Por favor! xx x62
 I love the app! almost as much as I love you!! 😋 please follow me cupcake 69
 Describe your
 "I love EDM!!!!" "Haha cool who are your favorite "Zedd! Clarity is sooo good
 Ohhhh OUAT is on, and is the episode of Emma & Hook's kiss and Hook & David being all bromance-y
 get your fancy clothes packed, we will be looking for you at the grammys
 I know you do!
 Yeah I have both versions of the song
 Follow Back ?
 I'm getting closer to 10k still ain't shit doe 😗